---
templateKey: about-page
title: who we are
bannerImage: /assets/about-banner.jpg
team:
  - memberImage: /assets/s5fltm9r_400x400.png
    position: Founder and Project Manager
    quote: jon@myminifactory.com
    title: Jon Beck
  - memberImage: /assets/excuse-me.jpg
    position: Community Manager
    quote: vickie@myminifactory.com
    title: Vickie
---
Scan the World is an ambitious initiative that gives you the possibility to
enjoy 3D printable representations of cultural artifacts in a remarkably
tangible way. The community led project enables everyone with access to the
internet to experience material culture in an emotionally impactful manner,
one which digital images cannot otherwise offer. The collaborative, living
network removes the barriers of geographic location and socioeconomic
backgrounds by empowering you to engage, behold, scan or own a copy of 3d
printable artifacts that hold significance for you. The collective effort is
as much about renowned historical artifacts as it is about household antiques
with deep culturally significant roots.


Your contributions work to bridge the gap between technology and the arts. The
web of diverse sharers range from educators, scanners, storytellers, artists,
makers, historians, art lovers, globe trotters and all passionate individuals,
eager to share a piece of their unique culture. Scan the world is about adding
dimension to your cultural identity by sharing your views, roots, artifacts
and narratives with the world. Providing you with space to deepen your
understanding of your personal heritage while giving you the freedom to enrich
the otherwise untold story of your ancestors. This initiative was born to put
culture back on the map; to connect you to your roots and sense of belonging,
and give you a chance to share and strengthen your understanding of yourself.
You are the result of the generations that came before you. This network in
its truest form is a shared, open access, museum of the future, built by and
for you.
